Update readme and hardware access links (#448)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: README.rst

    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/master/doc/_static/StateLearning.gif" width="300px"  align="right">

> * Execute photonic quantum algorithms directly on `Xanadu's next-generation quantum hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execute photonic quantum algorithms directly on `Xanadu's next-generation quantum hardware
```

  <https://strawberryfields.ai/photonics/hardware/index.html>`__

* `High-level functions <https://strawberryfields.ai/photonics/applications.html>`__ for **solving

>   practical problems** including **graph and network optimization**, **machine learning** and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  practical problems** including **graph and network optimization**, **machine learning**, and
```

  **chemistry**

> * Includes a suite of world-class simulators—based on cutting edge algorithms—to compile and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Includes a suite of world-class simulators—based on cutting-edge algorithms—to compile and
```

>   simulate photonic algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  simulate photonic algorithms
```

* `Train and optimize

>   <https://strawberryfields.ai/photonics/demonstrations.html#optimization-and-machine-learning>`__

Reviewer: Title cut off when linked page is loaded :(

Author: :(

>   your quantum programs with our end-to-end differentiable TensorFlow backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  your quantum programs with our end-to-end differentiable TensorFlow backend
```

Getting started
===============

To see Strawberry Fields in action immediately, try out our `Strawberry Fields Interactive
<https://strawberryfields.ai>`_ web application. Prepare your initial states, drag and drop gates,

> and watch your simulation run in real time right in your web browser.

Reviewer: Are you going to keep the progress bar? :)

Author: For now!

> For getting started with writing your own Strawberry Fields code, begin with our `photonic circuit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with writing your own Strawberry Fields code, begin with our `photonic circuit
```
